---
layout: post
title: Little thoughts  
date: 2016-11-15 19:57:49 +11
categories:
  -ls -h Yuzhi
description: Third post
image: assets/image/ernu_3.jpg
image-sm: assets/image/ernu_3.jpg
comments: true
---

To my busy but happy weekends.

Last weekend, as usual, House and his owners (Wang and Monica) visited us. We had breakfast together at our courtyard while two of them were playing around us, like two crazy kids with their mouth full of saliva. 

Their playtime always lasts more than two hours with running, catching and chasing. Occasionally, they will destroy one of Sean's self-assembled outdoor furniture by accident. This always happen after they took a short break and had some treats and drank some water. 

I got inspired by these two cuties. Once they got to play with each other, that day to them is a pretty good day. Their thoughts are always predictable and traceable as they always know what they want the best. Once they got what they want, owners like us can then take a break. Unfortunately, for Sean and I, that means approximately just one Ernu-snap (about 30 minutes). 

For me, my weekend must be spent with my family. Like many of others, Sean and I will clean our home, take a long walk with Ernu, buy groceries for next week and get some new food for Dasha (our bearded dragon) at Petbarn. 

He will then water the garden and plant more vegetables or herbs for later use. I will invite some friends to come over and have a dinner with us. We normally catch up with different friends each weekend, just to make sure we do not forget any one of them. Friendship needs management so does the family. 


Believe or not, weekends are the busiest two days for us since all the houseworks will need to be finished within two days. There is always something we forget to do or do not have enough time for. And some I intend to do but he disagrees with. Life is wonderful at weekends with two days full of happy tasks. 

However, for Ernu, a weekend means a few hours of playing with her best mate house and it is also a very good time for her weekly unwanted shower (with big treats after that) or intestine worming.

What can I say, I always feel grateful to have my family here with me while I am studying. I am happy that we were settled down here at Canberra, not a big city, but enough for nine of us to live a good life. 

" Bravo! Bravo! " - Dasha, the bearded dragon. 

Spero che voi ragazzi come il palo :)





