---
layout: post
title: "Welcome"
date: 2016-11-09 22:27:28 +11
categories:
description: Welcome
image: assets/image/ernu.jpg
image-sm: assets/image/ernu.jpg
---

Welcome to my blog. I am a PHD student at the Australian National Universtiy. I do paleontology, but I also have passion in fashion, food and animals.

This is my very first blog on Github, even though I am not a software engineer. My life do not contain anything that is engineering or coding related. One of the reason that I decided to start blogging on Github is quite simple and also understandable. Just to play cool. And it is free plus open sourced. There is one thing that I am sure about is that I will try my best to make my audiences think I am a really cool person and attract them. To do that, I need to offer something solid and useful to my audiences, even if at that stage, my only audience is my dog.

I would like to start with a snapshot of what I do as a PhD candidate. I research on early vertebrate palaeontology, yes, by that I mean 3D preserved awesome-looking died fossil fish. I used micro-CT scanner to get whatever information I can get from my specimen and studied it using other softwares. After that, things will get very complicated and I do not want to end up my first blog on that sort of thing. So that is it.
I will use this Github page to share my thoughts and tips on PhD life in general, mainly on self-development and building network on Github as well as communicate with others, which indeed includes my lovely little doggie (just to start with).


